Some of you asked me in the past if I have any original characters, and if I could draw them
A long time ago, I came up with a guy called Finn
But I never did much with the character design, other than a few drawings here and there
I still like his basic design, but I felt like a new person was needed
And so recently I brought another character to paper, who I called Ian Manning.
Around the same time, I've benn contacted by Amino about their platform OC Amino
I've seen some of you talk about Art Amino in the comments of my videos already,
and so we thought OC Amino could also be of interest to you
Them sponsoring this video is also an opportunity for me to share my character Ian with you
OC Amino is all about sharing you original characters, your OCs
You can post pictures of them, tell their backstory or show others
how you came up with the design, or how it changed over time
All the while you get to know other artists and their OCs, so you can tell stories together
With polls you can get input on your designs, techniques and other decisions by other artists and friends you've made in the app
and get them involved in the world of your OC
Another reason feature are shared folders
in which you can upload images and art posts and organize them by album
You can also look forward to audio and video chat very soon I've been told
You can find the link to the app in the video description
Give it a try and share your OCs
Now about Ian, whom I've been sketching here
First of all, for me it's really hard to stick to OCs
Since I have trouble with thinking of backstories when working on my own characters
Not that OCs necessarily need to have one,
but I think that would've helped me to keep drawing them more often
So far I've only come up with about three characters over the years that I have been drawing
Of course I wasn't only working on fanarts or other artist's OCs
But when scribbling random characters I often felt that it wasn't enough to call that character my OC
Because it was boring and I knew, I probably wouldn't draw him or her again
When trying to work actively on a design,
with me it often starts with a basic idea, like
a haircut, or some clothes for example
which made me wonder what kind of person would fit to that
So I end up having some rough character traits and a bit of the general look
which is a good start, but in my case it often ends there
since writing stories and dialogues is really something I have to work on
It often feels too cliche or too unoriginal when I write some pieces of text
that I won't even continue writing
I really want to get rid of that attitude, because
how am I supposed to get better if I don not practice?
It's the same with drawing actually
Needless to say that with Ian i'm also not that sure where it will go currently
But I'm excited to draw him more often
The name Ian was suggested on Instagram by the way
so thank you everyone who gave some input
The last name Manning comes from
an Orphan Black character called Sarah Manning who is also
a very tough and fun person
The haircut was inspired by my older character Finn
which was from the young Dante from Devil May Cry
I like to think of him as being part of some kind of badass exorcist story
but he could also be the antagonist dude in some other sport anime
Or some character in a high school romance
But maybe you have some creative thoughts on this
Let me know in the comments below where I could where I could take him storywise
(music plays)